Finnish coffee stains developers
studios could not resist and let
and with some universal lag
zombie money by placing your favorite
super goat in totally crazy
zombie apocalypse and released it all
business on pc and mobile platforms
running android it is clear that
opportunities about mobile games are far from
such as u traditional pc version not
then the graphics dimmer is smaller however from
this game does not get duller
begins our cases of dug graves
jump out of the open
the coffin and immediately faced with the harsh
reality happening everywhere sheer
bacchanalia live people coexist
completely survivors of gum zombies
that only one can understand
from our favorite goat leave only
horns and legs goat is not a fool
knows how to kick and kick from what a zombie
will fly apart but not
die to finish off
zombie will need to add him
hooves or horns several times a
Overall this is a traditional crazy
survival simulator
to somehow brighten up not quite
varied pastime
developers will periodically
send the goat boxes of humanitarian
using them you need to break and lick
language is what is in them
it can be as simple boost
health apples such items
necessary to create weapons and maybe
be by the way and the weapon itself for starters
five devices will be available for the goat
which he can craft
independently for example you can build
colander with antenna and light bulb which
worn on the head and allows the goat
take control of the zombie dull mind
but some weapons can not be created and his
only need to find yourself
but without a weapon the goat can for himself
stand
well, so as not to lose the point
what is happening on the right of the screen will
show current assignment icons
which main character will need to choose
as tasks are completed, the system will
scroll inside the game calendar
adding new quests to the game of new zombies
and will also unlock a few
new can be said unique goats a
still our main character can pretend
dead under it in Vienna set aside
a separate button which is quite
useful in high-risk situations
who is sure to knock with the main
the hero of his adventure before
sitting in one place will not work for
Goat's health is not iron but to
he needs to replenish his vital resources
constantly something that is, however, if
do not want to goat
you can switch the game to normal mode
in general, quite fun it is a long time for you
hardly enough